Komatsu, do you live here?
It's for your filial piety.
Hey, what are you talking about?
When I went to sea to do business
The living conditions are not as good as yours
As long as one has ambition
Sooner or later
Mr. Li, thank you, hahaha.
I establish the four seas, and I will repay my kindness
Next Sunday at the Century Hotel in the city center
There will be a business banquet
At that time, celebrities from all walks of life in Jiangzhou will be present
You go too
downward aggregation
I'm just an ordinary person
This society used to
I'm afraid I'm a stupid dad
I don't understand the importance of this banquet
Looks like I have to take the initiative
Dad?
There must be a lot of delicious food at the banquet
Xiaoyue wants to go
Xiaoyue, don't make trouble
Hahaha
Don't refuse anymore
Don't you have to think about yourself and your children?
You will make more money in the future
You can also give it to your daughter
Create a better learning environment
Qingcheng will send Qingjian to Komatsu tomorrow.
Looks like it's time to find someone for my dad
Little fish
It's too late now.
I can't celebrate your birthday at the restaurant
Even if I cook you a bowl of longevity noodles
Dad's noodles are much better than the food in the restaurant
Dad is useless
Dad?
Didn't give you a good life
You suffered in your last life
This daughter will help you live a good life
Little fish doesn't blame dad
As long as dad is there
Xiaoyuer is the happiest child in the world
Jiangzhou magic
New Energy Co., Ltd. begins bankruptcy liquidation
Anyone from all walks of life can acquire the company
Magic new energy
My dad is going to make it big